# CarSoccer

Done: 2 players, boost, ball can spin, goal explosions, game background, time, score, sound effects, 1 min reminder, separated main.cpp into multiple source files and header files, added title screen, gameplay, options window. Options window now have names assignment, 4 options with 4 tickboxes. Player can enter game by clicking the play button, and midgame, player can pause to reveal the pause menu by hitting esc. There will be 3 buttons, namely resume, options and exit (will change to 'menu'). Hitting the resume button resumes the game, hitting options reveals the options window, where player can change settings which apply immediately, there is a new mode called 'No Ground Mode', where the ball will not bounce of the ground and instead, if the ball falls onto the player1's half, player 2 will receive a point and vice versa, and if the ball falls perfectly in the middle, nothing will happen. Hitting esc will open the previously closed window (midgame), meaning closing the options window will reveal the pause menu, and hitting esc again will unpause the game and players can resume playing. Handled overtime, displaying the warning and sound effect when players enter overtime. When a player scores in overtime, there will be explosions on two goals.. After the game, there will be a victory screen, showing who won along with that player's car. There will be three buttons, replay, options, and exit (quits the game).

Bug: unnatural dodges

Todo: Add more sound effects, music, gamemodes (maybe not), other effects (idk), beautify/modify some textures, clean up, free up, destroy all textures after the game.
